README.md, before:

<!--h-->
# Menu Manager
[![Codacy Badge](https://api.codacy.com/project/badge/Grade/3f2ff01a8dc04044a13c6f4fbb9e21bd)](https://www.codacy.com/app/laravel-enso/MenuManager?utm_source=github.com&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=laravel-enso/MenuManager&utm_campaign=badger)
[![StyleCI](https://styleci.io/repos/94800927/shield?branch=master)](https://styleci.io/repos/94800927)
[![License](https://poser.pugx.org/laravel-enso/menumanager/license)](https://https://packagist.org/packages/laravel-enso/menumanager)
[![Total Downloads](https://poser.pugx.org/laravel-enso/menumanager/downloads)](https://packagist.org/packages/laravel-enso/menumanager)
[![Latest Stable Version](https://poser.pugx.org/laravel-enso/menumanager/version)](https://packagist.org/packages/laravel-enso/menumanager)
<!--/h-->

Menu Manager dependency for [Laravel Enso](https://github.com/laravel-enso/Enso)

[![Watch the demo](https://laravel-enso.github.io/menumanager/screenshots/bulma_012_thumb.png)](https://laravel-enso.github.io/menumanager/videos/bulma_menu_management.webm)

<sup>click on the photo to view a short demo in compatible browsers</sup>

### Features

- allow for the easy management of the main (sidebar) menus of the application
- permits the creation, update, delete, ordering of the menus

### Under the Hood

- a menu element may have several roles attached and is rendered only for the users with the respective roles
- menu element attributes:
  - `parent_id`: the id of its parent menu, if he has a parent, or null
  - `name`: the label that is translated and visible in the UI
  - `icon`: the icon classes, visible in the UI
  - `order`: used for ordering the elements of the menu in the desired sequence
  - `link`: is the link that's going to be accessed when clicking on the menu
  - `has_children`: is a flag telling us if a menu element has children and is used when rendering the menu
- for the menu changes to take effect, a page refresh or a re-login is needed 
### Publishes

- `php artisan vendor:publish --tag=menus-assets` - the VueJS pages and components
- `php artisan vendor:publish --tag=enso-assets` - a common alias for when wanting to update the VueJS assets,
once a newer version is released, can be used with the `--force` flag

### Notes

The [Laravel Enso Core](https://github.com/laravel-enso/Core) package comes with this package included.

Depends on:
 - [Core](https://github.com/laravel-enso/Core) for middleware
 - [Datatable](https://github.com/laravel-enso/Datatable) for displaying the list of menus 
 - [FormBuilder](https://github.com/laravel-enso/FormBuilder) for creating the forms when managing languages 
 - [Helpers](https://github.com/laravel-enso/Helpers) for timestamp formatting 
 - [RoleManager](https://github.com/laravel-enso/RoleManager) for the integration with the roles system 
 - [Structure manager](https://github.com/laravel-enso/StructureManager) for the migrations

<!--h-->
### Contributions

are welcome. Pull requests are great, but issues are good too.

### License

This package is released under the MIT license.
<!--/h-->

Commit message:

updated documentation to include instructions on importing icon files when adding a new menu; closes #9;

README.md, after:

<!--h-->
# Menu Manager
[![Codacy Badge](https://api.codacy.com/project/badge/Grade/3f2ff01a8dc04044a13c6f4fbb9e21bd)](https://www.codacy.com/app/laravel-enso/MenuManager?utm_source=github.com&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=laravel-enso/MenuManager&utm_campaign=badger)
[![StyleCI](https://styleci.io/repos/94800927/shield?branch=master)](https://styleci.io/repos/94800927)
[![License](https://poser.pugx.org/laravel-enso/menumanager/license)](https://https://packagist.org/packages/laravel-enso/menumanager)
[![Total Downloads](https://poser.pugx.org/laravel-enso/menumanager/downloads)](https://packagist.org/packages/laravel-enso/menumanager)
[![Latest Stable Version](https://poser.pugx.org/laravel-enso/menumanager/version)](https://packagist.org/packages/laravel-enso/menumanager)
<!--/h-->

Menu Manager dependency for [Laravel Enso](https://github.com/laravel-enso/Enso)

[![Watch the demo](https://laravel-enso.github.io/menumanager/screenshots/bulma_012_thumb.png)](https://laravel-enso.github.io/menumanager/videos/bulma_menu_management.webm)

<sup>click on the photo to view a short demo in compatible browsers</sup>

### Features

- allow for the easy management of the main (sidebar) menus of the application
- permits the creation, update, delete, ordering of the menus

### Under the Hood

- a menu element may have several roles attached and is rendered only for the users with the respective roles
- menu element attributes:
  - `parent_id`: the id of its parent menu, if he has a parent, or null
  - `name`: the label that is translated and visible in the UI
  - `icon`: the icon classes, visible in the UI
  - `order`: used for ordering the elements of the menu in the desired sequence
  - `link`: is the link that's going to be accessed when clicking on the menu
  - `has_children`: is a flag telling us if a menu element has children and is used when rendering the menu
- for the menu changes to take effect, a page refresh or a re-login is needed 

### Usage Notes

Please note that because we want to keep the compiled size down, throughout the enso ecosistem, 
icons are imported selectively.

What this means for the menu editor, is that when adding/changing a menu, you should also make sure you 
import the required icons. The proper place to include the new icons is:

`assest/js/pages/layout/sidebar/icons/app.js`

### Publishes

- `php artisan vendor:publish --tag=menus-assets` - the VueJS pages and components
- `php artisan vendor:publish --tag=enso-assets` - a common alias for when wanting to update the VueJS assets,
once a newer version is released, can be used with the `--force` flag

### Notes

The [Laravel Enso Core](https://github.com/laravel-enso/Core) package comes with this package included.

Depends on:
 - [Core](https://github.com/laravel-enso/Core) for middleware
 - [Datatable](https://github.com/laravel-enso/Datatable) for displaying the list of menus 
 - [FormBuilder](https://github.com/laravel-enso/FormBuilder) for creating the forms when managing languages 
 - [Helpers](https://github.com/laravel-enso/Helpers) for timestamp formatting 
 - [RoleManager](https://github.com/laravel-enso/RoleManager) for the integration with the roles system 
 - [Structure manager](https://github.com/laravel-enso/StructureManager) for the migrations

<!--h-->
### Contributions

are welcome. Pull requests are great, but issues are good too.

### License

This package is released under the MIT license.
<!--/h-->
